PLAN.md, before:

# General
Rage game
- Hard
- Map = one long level
	- should take about 5-10 ish min to complete if you don't mess up once and basically don't stop moving
	- should be practically impossible if it is you first time picking up the game
		- Steep learning curve
		- takes a lot of time to master or get good at the mechanics but when you do the game isn't too hard
- multiple maps which are essentially just levels
	- each map has a unique factor that alters or in some way modifies the movement of the character
	- each map is a different difficulty
	- first default map is easy-ish but gets a lot harder


# Movement
- Quick, high tempo
- double jump
	- Push direction based on wasd
- sliding on certain surfaces to keep momentum.
	- Not like ice sliding (which we can add if we want to)
	- is a slide that is cancelable but in certain cases will make the player go faster
		- On a downhill user picks up speed for example
- certain surfaces you can stick to
	- like walls or something
-

# Camera
- Direct side
- doesn't follow the player
	- it only moves to another section of the map when the player goes there


# Flow

Commit message:

updated our idea for camera following

PLAN.md, after:

# General
Rage game
- Hard
- Map = one long level
	- should take about 5-10 ish min to complete if you don't mess up once and basically don't stop moving
	- should be practically impossible if it is you first time picking up the game
		- Steep learning curve
		- takes a lot of time to master or get good at the mechanics but when you do the game isn't too hard
- multiple maps which are essentially just levels
	- each map has a unique factor that alters or in some way modifies the movement of the character
	- each map is a different difficulty
	- first default map is easy-ish but gets a lot harder


# Movement
- Quick, high tempo
- double jump
	- Push direction based on wasd
- sliding on certain surfaces to keep momentum.
	- Not like ice sliding (which we can add if we want to)
	- is a slide that is cancelable but in certain cases will make the player go faster
		- On a downhill user picks up speed for example
- certain surfaces you can stick to
	- like walls or something
-

# Camera
- Direct side
- soft follow
	- camera follows the player as it goes up after some delay
	- delay gets shorter the closer the player gets to the top of the screen
- camera doesn't follow left/right unless it is specially designed for a level



# Flow
